fix(evm): The estimated gas and the gas used for executing the message are not consistent (#1943)
evmos/evmos: CHANGELOG.md

- (evm) [#1801](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/1801) Fixed the problem gas_used is 0 when using evm type tx to transfer token to module account
- (testnet) [#1857](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/1857) Remove the crisis module causing an error when using the `evmosd testnet init-files` command.
- (rpc) [#1863](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/1863) Handle error gracefully on RPC calls when node is not persisting ABCI responses.

> - (evm) [#1943](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/1943) The estimated gas and the gas used for executing the message are not consistent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (evm) [#1943](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/1943) Fix gas estimation (`eth_estimateGas`) to be consistent with gas used in EVM extensions transactions
```
